README.md, before:

# 3OT-NTR-Plugin
3DS NTR Plugin for Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns

## Description of Plugin
This 3DS NTR plugin was made with NTR Plugin Manager from cheats obtained from [Fort42](http://www.fort42.com/gateshark/game1945/).

### Cheats in this Plugin
* Cycle Items 
* 5 Stars w/o x99 
* x99 Items in Backpack 
* 5 Stars with x99 Backpack items
* Hour Control (Y+Up/Down) (Also has the original hour modifier) 
* All clothes, hats, and glasses 
* Disable all clothes, hats, and glasses 
* Villager FP
* Max Pet Affection 
* Max Horse Affection 
* Modify House 
* Change Gender (Fixed) 
* Fantastic Livestock (Fixed) 
* Instant Field Growth 
* Unlimited stamina 
* Unlimited water in Watering Can 
* Infinite mining 
* Have All Food Buffs (w/sped up time and w/slowed time)
* Year, Day, and Season Modifiers 

Just some notes to be aware of on the Modify House cheats:
* Shack/Default house exterior keeps the Shack/Default interior, no matter which interior you choose.
* Big Japanese/Country/Tropical house exteriors do work with Ordinary/Japanese/Tropical/Country houses interiors.
* Big Japanese/Country/Tropical house exteriors do work with the mansion interiors.
* Mansion house exteriors work with regular Japanese/Tropical/Country houses interiors. 

## How to Use This Plugin
Coming soon!

## Credits
* [KariRaquan](https://gbatemp.net/members/kariraquan.383241/) on GBAtemp for master text file. You can find the thread for the NTR plugin [here](https://gbatemp.net/threads/story-of-seasons-trio-of-towns-ntr-plugin.463287/).
* [Nanquitas](https://gbatemp.net/members/nanquitas.372709/) on GBAtemp for [NTR Plugin Manager](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-ntr-plugin-manager.457613/).
* meganegasan, link0188 ([Bahamut0188](https://gbatemp.net/members/bahamut0188.389322/) on GBAtemp), pongozila, Legarad, and Nido on Fort42.

Commit message:

Update README.md with how to instructions

README.md, after:

# 3OT-NTR-Plugin
3DS NTR Plugin for Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns

## Description of Plugin
This 3DS NTR plugin was made with NTR Plugin Manager from cheats obtained from [Fort42](http://www.fort42.com/gateshark/game1945/).

### Cheats in this Plugin
* Cycle Items 
* 5 Stars w/o x99 
* x99 Items in Backpack 
* 5 Stars with x99 Backpack items
* Hour Control (Y+Up/Down) (Also has the original hour modifier) 
* All clothes, hats, and glasses 
* Disable all clothes, hats, and glasses 
* Villager FP
* Max Pet Affection 
* Max Horse Affection 
* Modify House 
* Change Gender (Fixed) 
* Fantastic Livestock (Fixed) 
* Instant Field Growth 
* Unlimited stamina 
* Unlimited water in Watering Can 
* Infinite mining 
* Have All Food Buffs (w/sped up time and w/slowed time)
* Year, Day, and Season Modifiers 

Just some notes to be aware of on the Modify House cheats:
* Shack/Default house exterior keeps the Shack/Default interior, no matter which interior you choose.
* Big Japanese/Country/Tropical house exteriors do work with Ordinary/Japanese/Tropical/Country houses interiors.
* Big Japanese/Country/Tropical house exteriors do work with the mansion interiors.
* Mansion house exteriors work with regular Japanese/Tropical/Country houses interiors. 

## How to Use This Plugin
## How to Use This Plugin

### What you need
* A 3DS (n3DS, o3DS, or 2DS) system with CFW (custom firmware). If you do not have custom firmware and your system version is on 11.2.0-35 or lower, follow [Plailect's A9LH Guide](https://3ds.guide) to get CFW.
* A US/NA copy of Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns
* [BootNTR Selector](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-bootntr-selector.432911/).
* A CIA installer (such as FBI). If you follow Plailect's A9LH Guide, you will already have a CIA installer.
* The [latest version](https://github.com/KunoichiZ/3OT-NTR-Plugin/releases) of the plugins

1. Move one of the BootNTR Selector CIAs to your 3DS's SD card. You do not need to use either of the Mode 3 CIAs. It does not matter which CIA you choose to install. They all do the same thing.
2. Make a folder called plugin on the root of your SD card. 
3. Download the latest version of the plugin and extract it. 
4. In the latest version of the plugin, there should be a folder called 000400000019F500. Move that folder to your plugin folder.
5. Put your SD card back into your system and turn it on.
6. Install the BootNTR Selector CIA with FBI (or any CIA installer of your choice).
7. Launch BootNTR Selector after it is done installing and use the default settings.
8. Follow the instructions onscreen.
9. For this plugin, it doesn't matter which version of NTR you choose (3.2, 3.3, or 3.4). Choose either one and you'll be booted back into the Home Menu.
10. Launch Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns. If you see a green flash when the Nintendo 3DS loading screen occurs, the plugin has been launched. 
11. Open your save file. Once you see your character, press Select and enable the cheats you want with A. Press B to go back to your game.
12. ???
13. Profit!

## Credits
* [KariRaquan](https://gbatemp.net/members/kariraquan.383241/) on GBAtemp for master text file. You can find the thread for the NTR plugin [here](https://gbatemp.net/threads/story-of-seasons-trio-of-towns-ntr-plugin.463287/).
* [Nanquitas](https://gbatemp.net/members/nanquitas.372709/) on GBAtemp for [NTR Plugin Manager](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-ntr-plugin-manager.457613/).
* meganegasan, link0188 ([Bahamut0188](https://gbatemp.net/members/bahamut0188.389322/) on GBAtemp), pongozila, Legarad, and Nido on Fort42.
